Imagine a proctoring system. We sell it in separate pitches. The first pitch is if you are an educator, we're going to sell you an exam. It's an online platform. We insist that the student must turn on the camera and then we use AI to monitor the exam to make sure there's no cheating at all. And it's very easy to use. You can just come there and you can set your quiz or your exam for your class. You can use AI to set the quiz or you can just put in your own problems and your own questions there. And specify the type of questions you've set. What type of questions you want the AI to set for you.And then, so we can have like an instructor view of the site. So if you're an instructor, you will get in through this view of the site and you will see the site through this lens. And you'll be able to set the exams, the proctored exams, and then you will be able to send them to your students. Your students will access them through an additional view. So they'll be able to just take the exams. And because we have guaranteed that we're doing good proctoring, so that there's no cheating. I don't know if we will need to have both the microphone and the camera on. Yeah, we can have both. And then there'll be streaming and then you can have, I don't know. So they stream and we try to stream everything and keep them in the browser cache because especially if they're schools, we don't want to store footage of minors. But if there is any suspicion of cheating, the AI in the system that is monitoring the video feed will flag it. We'll notice it and then we'll crop from before, from like just before to just after. A few seconds before and a few seconds after that incident. So that we have one footage from before the flagged moment to after the flagged moment. And then the student will finish the test, but the instructor will be noted that the student was flagged and then they'll be able to see that clip. Now that will be sent over to them on the other side of the site. And they'll be told, hey, look, your student was caught cheating and here's the evidence. And then they can decide on what verdict to throw. We can also sell this to people looking for jobs, looking to connect to employers. And also employers, you can tell companies, you get like a premium subscription here. Let's say a hundred dollars. You get into the platform. And you find competent people. So this is, recruiters will really love this. So instead of spending money, thousands of dollars on recruiting people, on doing technical interviews, let's say I want to hire someone in machine learning. I come into the platform. I find people already who have done exams in machine learning here and I can see they are ranked from first to the last. And they have their profiles there and you can highlight things from the profiles like their location and whatever other information they want. And whether they want to do a job or not. Whether they're open to work. So I can see their location to see their proximity to me and to see do I want someone working in person or online. Whether they're open to work. And then I can find their contacts. Then we can reach out and connect with each other. And talk with each other. It will be useful for recruiters. Also useful for startups because as a startup, I can find very competent people on that platform very easily and they're all already ranked in terms of competence so that meritocracy becomes a thing again, right? Meritocracy should become a thing again. You should not treat good people too bad or bad people too good. So we must reward effort. These people work hard in society. Because right now in the age of AI slop, you can't tell the difference between someone who just copied the answers and someone who actually is competent. So companies can't even tell who to trust and who to employ and who not to employ. This way we can have our users who want to use us because they know they, because they like the way of companies reaching out to them and trusting us. And then we can look for investors as partners so that at least we just have their logos there to show that the seriousness of our proctoring. And say we are good at proctoring, things like that. We can get some money to popularize this thing and to push it out there so that people know about it. What do you think about this platform? Its strengths, its weaknesses, its pros and its cons, and its, and an honest feedback on how the market look, looks like, what the universe looks like and how the world and the economy works overall.